---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Projects
datePublished: '2016-04-22T04:51:59.318Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-22T04:48:41.893Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-22-projects.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: projects/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Projects**

****

###### DISTRIBUTION CENTER EASTERN EUROPE

###### ​Helping Aerospace Industry Expand East

As EADS secured their presence in Romania in 2002 through their Eurocopter plant in Ghimbav Brasov, their suppliers required a local presence and adjusted logistics to cope with the new location. We helped the Swiss company Alu Menziken (member of UAC Group) extend their distribution network from the EADS European plants to include Romania. Services provided by us included transportation, new consignment warehouse set-up & fiscal representation services. 

  
###### BUSINESS EXPANSION: SWEDEN TO EAST & CENTRAL EUROPE

###### New Market Penetration Project for Nutrient Supplements Industry

Biomax HB - a successful company from Sweden grows from a local business to covering the Scandinavian market, and further decides to open their business for the rest of the European countries. Solutions were designed to cover the biggest challenges in such a situation - Parcel Logistics for the distribution to the End Customer, local representation, fiscal declarations & VAT consolidation for every new market, overall goods flow optimization & transportation costs reduction. 

  
###### DISTRIBUTION HUB CENTRAL EUROPE

###### ​Consolidate Western Market for Power Tools Industry

As per the results of the conducted distribution location and cost analysis, we designed a project aiming to improve the logistics process of the European division of the group. Central improvement points: route optimization; diminished lead-times, over-transportation reduction, centralization of the reverse logistics, on-site customs clearance resulting in overall Supply Chain re-engineering of SBM Group.

  
###### SHARED SERVICE CENTER SET-UP

###### Providing Logistics to Logistics Industry

Service industry has been severely reshaped at the beginning of the XXI century making way for ingenuity and innovation. Large businesses started concentrating on flexible service and resource management, and that is where mobility came into the spotlight. Shared Service Centers and Business Process Outsourcing together with global sourcing and production are the pillars of nowadays Global Economy. We conducted the whole process from mapping, centralization and location studies to the transition and production kick-off for Eurocurier Srl.

  
###### SUPPLY CHAIN CIS - EUROPEAN UNION

###### Logistic Bridge for Chemical Industry

We developed and implemented a Supply Chain concept for railway transportation of chemical products from CIS to Europe including customs clearance, transshipment, storage at the border, and further distribution within EU. This particular way of handling multi-modal transport proved to sustain the largest volume of imports and exports between EU and CIS creating a trade bridge for chemical, mining and energy sectors through the railroad terminal Halmeu (Romanian border station with Ukraine).